Update after introducing Email plugins (#246)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum.mdx

#### `ANY_EVENTS`

All the events.

#### `ORDER_CREATED`

A new order is placed.

#### `ORDER_CONFIRMED`

> An order is confirmed (status change unconfirmed -> unfulfilled) by staff user using OrderConfirm mutation. Also triggers when user finish checkout and shop setting `automatically_confirm_all_new_orders` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An order is confirmed (status change: unconfirmed -> unfulfilled) by a staff user using the OrderConfirm mutation. It also triggers when the user completes the checkout process and the shop setting `automatically_confirm_all_new_orders` is enabled.
```

> An order is confirmed (status change unconfirmed -> unfulfilled) by staff user using OrderConfirm mutation. Also triggers when user finish checkout and shop setting `automatically_confirm_all_new_orders` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An order is confirmed (status change: unconfirmed -> unfulfilled) by a staff user using the OrderConfirm mutation. It also triggers when the user completes the checkout process and the shop setting `automatically_confirm_all_new_orders` is enabled.
```

#### `ORDER_FULLY_PAID`

Payment is made and an order is fully paid.

#### `ORDER_UPDATED`

An order is updated; triggered for all changes related to an order; covers all other order webhooks, except for ORDER_CREATED.

#### `ORDER_CANCELLED`

An order is cancelled.

#### `ORDER_FULFILLED`

An order is fulfilled.

#### `INVOICE_REQUESTED`

An invoice for order requested.

#### `INVOICE_DELETED`

An invoice is deleted.

#### `INVOICE_SENT`

Invoice has been send.

#### `CUSTOMER_CREATED`

A new customer account is created.

#### `CUSTOMER_UPDATED`

A customer account is updated.

#### `PRODUCT_CREATED`

A new product is created.

#### `PRODUCT_UPDATED`

A product is updated.

#### `PRODUCT_DELETED`

A product is deleted.

#### `PRODUCT_VARIANT_CREATED`

A new product variant is created.

#### `PRODUCT_VARIANT_UPDATED`

A product variant is updated.

#### `PRODUCT_VARIANT_DELETED`

A product variant is deleted.

#### `CHECKOUT_CREATED`

A new checkout is created.

#### `CHECKOUT_UPDATED`

> A checkout is updated. Also triggers for all updates related to a checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A checkout is updated. It also triggers all updates related to the checkout process.
```

> A checkout is updated. Also triggers for all updates related to a checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A checkout is updated. It also triggers all updates related to the checkout process.
```
